When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital.
Chuck Norris has a diary. It's called the Guinness Book of World Records.
Chuck Norris doesn't worry about high gas prices. His vehicles run on fear.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
When a zombie apocalypse starts, Chuck Norris doesn't try to survive. The zombies do.
There once was a street called Chuck Norris, but the name was changed for public safety because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Big foot claims he saw Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade you've ever tasted.
It is considered a great accomplishment to go down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagara Falls in a cardboard box.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercut a horse.
When the Bogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once went to Mars. That's why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn't dodge Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd. No one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once fought superman. The loser had to wear his underwear over his pants.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck Norris' computer has no "backspace" button, Chuck Norris doesn't make mistakes.
Chuck can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
The reason the Holy Grail has never been recovered is because nobody is brave enough to ask Chuck Norris to give up his favourite coffee mug.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris. When Chuck Norris gets mad, run.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris' PC will crash.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever the hell he wants.
Chuck refers to himself in the fourth person.
Chuck Norris doesn't have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss.
Chuck Norris wins games of charades without moving.
Chuck Norris makes fire by rubbing 2 ice cubes together.
Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Chuck Norris' Blood Type is AK-47.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Favre even further.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Cars look both ways before Chuck Norris crosses the street.
Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you in the back of your head while clipping his toe nails.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game with a marble.
Chuck Norris beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris doesn't play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-don't-find-you."
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's beef.
Chuck actually died four years ago, but the Grim Reaper can't get up the courage to tell him.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Chuck Norris CAN find the end of a circle.
Obama said, "Yes we can." Chuck Norris says, "I already did.".
Chuck Norris once robbed a gun store with a knife.
Chuck Norris doesn't lie. He simply changes the truth.
Chuck Norris recorded the making of the first video camera.
Chuck Norris can make a happy meal cry.
Tsunamis are created by Chuck Norris practising round house kicks on the beach.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isn't real, it's when he learns Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Chuck Norris out. It failed miserably.
Chuck Norris can kill you 101 different ways with a roll of extra-soft toilet paper.
Every one of Chuck Norris blood cells have black belts.
Global warming will end as soon as Chuck Norris puts his shirt back on.
You can die from looking at Slenderman too much. Slenderman can die from thinking of Chuck Norris too much.
Chuck Norris uses hot sauce as eye drops.
Chuck Norris played tug of war with himself and won.
Chuck Norris brought a knife to a gunfight. He is still waiting for an opponent.
Chuck Norris never fails, he tells success to come back when it's ready for him.
Chuck Norris beat a black hole in tug of war.
In space Chuck Norris can hear you scream.
Chuck Norris can follow you into a revolving door and come out ahead of you.
Elvis Presley, Richard Petty, Budweiser, and Michael Jackson all call Chuck Norris "The King".
The world did not have a tilt in its axis until Chuck Norris stubbed his toe on the North Pole.